docs: update i18n docs (#209)
aerogear/charmil: docs/src/charmil_i18n.md

## How to use

> 1. Initialize a variable using go:embed, for storing the locales directory

Reviewer: Could you add some more explanation on what this does and how embed works. Nothing too long as it is a stdlib feature but just a small note on what is going on here.

```suggestion
1. Embed provides access to files embedded in the running Go program meaning you can get your locales directory with it's the path tp it.  
```
